Psalm 2 why do the nation's rage and the
Psalm 2 why do the nation's rage and the people plot a vain thing the kings of
people plot a vain thing the kings of
people plot a vain thing the kings of the earth set themselves and the rulers
the earth set themselves and the rulers
the earth set themselves and the rulers take counsel together against the Lord
take counsel together against the Lord
take counsel together against the Lord and against his anointed saying let us
and against his anointed saying let us
and against his anointed saying let us break their bonds in pieces and cast
break their bonds in pieces and cast
break their bonds in pieces and cast away their cords from us he who sits in
away their cords from us he who sits in
away their cords from us he who sits in the heavens shall have the lord shall
the heavens shall have the lord shall
the heavens shall have the lord shall hold them in derision then he shall
hold them in derision then he shall
hold them in derision then he shall speak to them in his wrath and distress
speak to them in his wrath and distress
speak to them in his wrath and distress them in his deep displeasure yet I have
them in his deep displeasure yet I have
them in his deep displeasure yet I have set my king on my holy hill of Zion I
set my king on my holy hill of Zion I
set my king on my holy hill of Zion I will declare the decree the Lord has
will declare the decree the Lord has
will declare the decree the Lord has said to me you are my son today I have
said to me you are my son today I have
said to me you are my son today I have begotten you ask of me and I will give
begotten you ask of me and I will give
begotten you ask of me and I will give you the nation's for your inheritance
you the nation's for your inheritance
you the nation's for your inheritance and the ends of the earth for your
and the ends of the earth for your
and the ends of the earth for your possession you shall break them with a
possession you shall break them with a
possession you shall break them with a rod of iron
rod of iron
rod of iron you shall dash them to pieces like a
you shall dash them to pieces like a
you shall dash them to pieces like a Potter's vessel
Potter's vessel
Potter's vessel now therefore be wise no Kings be
now therefore be wise no Kings be
now therefore be wise no Kings be instructed you judges of the earth
instructed you judges of the earth
instructed you judges of the earth serve the Lord with fear and rejoice
serve the Lord with fear and rejoice
serve the Lord with fear and rejoice with trembling kiss the son lest he be
with trembling kiss the son lest he be
with trembling kiss the son lest he be angry and you perish in the way when his
angry and you perish in the way when his
angry and you perish in the way when his wrath is kindled but a little
wrath is kindled but a little
wrath is kindled but a little blessed are all those who put their
blessed are all those who put their
blessed are all those who put their trust in him
trust in him
trust in him [Music]